Analyst, Global Markets Corporate Banking

New York, NY · 3 days ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Responses managed off LinkedIn

On-site
Full-time

Apply

Save
Job match is low, review match details

Your profile and resume are missing some qualifications, add your experience or try exploring other jobs.

Show match details

Help me update my profile

BETA • Is this information helpful?


People you can reach out to

School alumni from Cornell University

Show all
About the job
BMO Capital Markets is a leading, full-service financial services provider. We offer corporate and investment banking, treasury management, as well as research and advisory services to clients around the world. #bmocapitalmarkets

The Analyst will be part of Global Markets Corporate Banking team that is responsible for Account Management of the Hedge Funds client segment. The Analyst will support Account Management in making hedge fund credit recommendations, including due diligence and credit analysis on current and prospective clients. The Analyst will be responsible for a diversified set of Global Markets trading products to BMO Capital Markets hedge fund clients. The Analyst will further support Account Management in a variety of other monitoring and portfolio management responsibilities.

Credit Risk and Financial Analysis

Research and analyze financial and operating information relating to Hedge Funds and other asset managers.
Prepare concise, accurate and well-reasoned written credit applications for both new and existing transactions for presentation to Credit; process the applications through BMO's lending systems.
Assess financial soundness of counterparties including hedge fund strategy, asset allocation, leverage levels, and access to liquidity and margin, among other fund characteristics.
Complete internal risk ratings for Hedge Fund counterparties
Coordinate and track monthly credit activities, including annual reviews, interim reviews, new deals, and monthly trigger/covenant monitoring.
Support credit analysis across a range of financing products, including but not limited to repo, securities-based lending (SBL), total return swaps (TRS), and Prime Brokerage, and derivatives trading products, developing a strong foundation in hedge fund financing structures.


Account Management Support

Support Account Managers in managing a diverse portfolio of Hedge Fund accounts. This includes:
Preparing written credit reviews as noted above
Participate in credit due diligence meetings / calls
Continuous monitoring of limits and exposures as well as operating performance
Monitoring Hedge Fund industry and regulatory updates
Other portfolio management activities as required
Provide analytical findings to Account Managers including input on credit risks and related mitigants.
Expert knowledge of Bank policies and standards to ensure portfolio adheres to BMO's policies and procedures.
Support the review and coordination of trading and credit documentation (e.g., ISDA, GMRA) in partnership with Legal.
Contribute to ad hoc credit activities related to the Hedge Funds portfolio.
Support Global Markets areas on portfolio management needs and growth initiatives of the business.
Partner with Sales, Trading, Credit Risk, Market Risk, Collateral Management, Legal, Client On-Boarding and AML/KYC in support of credit activities for the Hedge Funds portfolio.

Qualifications

Undergraduate/MBA degree in finance, economics, or accounting with outstanding academic achievement.
0-2 years of relevant experience; internship experience in credit, markets, or hedge fund/asset management is a strong plus.
Strong oral, written, and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively in a high-performing team environment.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills in business, finance, and credit.
Self-starter with strong attention to detail, able to manage multiple clients and tasks in an organized, timely manner under limited supervision.
Proficiency with MS Excel is required; experience with Bloomberg is an asset. Use of AI tools (e.g., Copilot) to support research, analysis, and reporting is required as part of the team's workflow; familiarity with automation tools such as Python or VBA is a plus.
Knowledge of capital markets, global markets products, and the hedge fund industry is an asset; familiarity with risk metrics (e.g., VaR, DV01) and trading/credit documentation (e.g., ISDA, GMRA) is a plus.
Prior exposure to credit analysis is preferred.


The salary range for this role is $95,000 up to $110,000 USD (subject to the candidate meeting the specific skills, experience, education, and qualification requirements).

Salary:

Pay Type:

Salaried

The above represents BMO Financial Group's pay range and type.

Salaries will vary based on factors such as location, skills, experience, education, and qualifications for the role, and may include a commission structure. Salaries for part-time roles will be pro-rated based on number of hours regularly worked. For commission roles, the salary listed above represents BMO Financial Group's expected target for the first year in this position.

BMO Financial Group's total compensation package will vary based on the pay type of the position and may include performance-based incentives, discretionary bonuses, as well as other perks and rewards. BMO also offers health insurance, tuition reimbursement, accident and life insurance, and retirement savings plans. To view more details of our benefits, please visit: https://jobs.bmo.com/global/en/Total-Rewards

About Us

At BMO we are driven by a shared Purpose: Boldly Grow the Good in business and life. It calls on us to create lasting, positive change for our customers, our communities and our people. By working together, innovating and pushing boundaries, we transform lives and businesses, and power economic growth around the world.

As a member of the BMO team you are valued, respected and heard, and you have more ways to grow and make an impact. We strive to help you make an impact from day one – for yourself and our customers. We'll support you with the tools and resources you need to reach new milestones, as you help our customers reach theirs. From in-depth training and coaching, to manager support and network-building opportunities, we'll help you gain valuable experience, and broaden your skillset.

To find out more visit us at https://jobs.bmo.com/us/en

BMO is proud to be an equal employment opportunity employer. We evaluate applicants without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other legally protected characteristics. We also consider applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.

BMO is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to BMOCareers.Support@bmo.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.

Note to Recruiters: BMO does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate. Any unsolicited resumes sent to BMO, directly or indirectly, will be considered BMO property. BMO will not pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited resume. A recruiting agency must first have a valid, written and fully executed agency agreement contract for service to submit resumes.

Benefits found in job post

Medical insurance

Set alert for similar jobs
Corporate Banking Analyst, New York, New York, United States

Off

Put your best foot forward with your application
Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review

See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply
365

total

132

in the past day

Candidate seniority level
47% Entry level candidates

35% Senior level candidates

2% Director level candidates

1% CXO level candidates

Candidate education level
29% have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)

61% have a Bachelor's Degree

6% have a Master of Business Administration

4% have other degrees

Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about BMO Capital Markets
Powered by Bing
Company focus areas

• Capital Efficiency and Core Market Focus: Improve capital efficiency and sharpen focus on core markets where the bank has deep client relationships and attractive long-term growth opportunities.

More about Company focus areas...more

Sources: newsroom.bmo.com +1 more


Hiring & headcount

Significant growth in Finance: The Finance department has seen a 13% increase in headcount over the past year, indicating a strong focus on financial operations and potential opportunities for financial services and products. Expansion in Marketing: The Marketing department experienced a 26% increase in headcount, suggesting new marketing initiatives and potential needs for marketing tools and services. Increase in Consulting: The Consulting department grew by 13%, highlighting a potential focus on advisory services and opportunities for consulting-related products and services. Growth in Product Management: The Product Management department saw a 21% increase in headcount, indicating a focus on product development and potential needs for product management tools and resources.… more


The latest hiring trend

45,143

Total employees

8%

Company-wide

2 year growth

8%

Finance

2 year growth

Chart
Chart with 25 data points.
The chart has 1 X axis displaying Time. Data ranges from 2024-09-01 00:00:00 to 2026-09-01 00:00:00.
The chart has 1 Y axis displaying values. Data ranges from 41768 to 45167.
End of interactive chart.
Median employee tenure: 6.1 years

BMO Capital Markets hires candidates from some of these companies and schools


BMO Capital Markets hired 37 people from Cornell University. See all

Competitors

BMO Capital Markets operates in a highly competitive landscape, primarily within North America. It competes with major financial institutions such as Royal Bank of Canada, Bank of America, and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce. BMO Capital Markets is recognized for its strong presence in equity and debt underwriting, corporate lending, project finance, M&A advisory, and equity and debt research. The company is also noted for its leadership in the metals and mining sector M&A advisory. Strategic consolidation and focus on core markets are key to maintaining its competitive edge.… more

RBC
Bank of America
CIBC
Sources: pricetargets.com +3 more


Show Premium Insights
About the company

BMO Capital Markets

156,044 followers


Follow
Investment Banking

 •

1001-5000 employees

 •

4,984 on LinkedIn

BMO Capital Markets is a leading, full-service North American financial services provider operating in 16 North American offices and 29 worldwide, offering corporate, institutional and government clients access to a complete range of investment and corporate banking products and services.

BMO Capital Markets is a member of BMO Financial Group (TSX:BMO)(NYSE:BMO), one of the largest diversified financial services providers in North America.… more

Show more
More jobs

Investment & Corporate Banking - Latin America Finance - Portfolio Management, Analyst (Verified job)Investment & Corporate Banking - Latin America Finance - Portfolio Management, Analyst

Mizuho

New York, NY (On-site)


61 school alumni work here

Promoted

 ·

Posted 2 days ago2 days ago


2027 Analyst I - Corporate Banking (Verified job)2027 Analyst I - Corporate Banking

CIBC US

New York, NY

1 benefit


4 school alumni work here

Promoted

 ·

Posted 2 weeks ago2 weeks ago


Analyst, Global Markets Corporate Banking (Verified job)Analyst, Global Markets Corporate Banking

BMO Capital Markets

Chicago, IL

Medical benefit


37 school alumni work here

Promoted

 ·

Posted 1 week ago1 week ago


Corporate Banking Analyst or Senior Analyst - Technology (Verified job)Corporate Banking Analyst or Senior Analyst - Technology

Citi

New York, NY (Hybrid)

401(k), +1 benefit




14 connections work here

Promoted

 ·

Posted 6 days ago6 days ago


Global Corporate Banking - Technology - Analyst (Verified job)Global Corporate Banking - Technology - Analyst

JPMorganChase

San Francisco, CA (On-site)

$100K/yr - $110K/yr




9 connections work here

Promoted

 ·

Posted 2 weeks ago2 weeks ago


Investment & Corporate Banking – Analyst, Office of the Head of Banking (Verified job)Investment & Corporate Banking – Analyst, Office of the Head of Banking

Mizuho

New York, NY (On-site)


61 school alumni work here

Promoted

 ·

Posted 2 weeks ago2 weeks ago


Strategic Financing Solutions - Analyst (Verified job)Strategic Financing Solutions - Analyst

JPMorganChase

New York, NY (On-site)

$110K/yr - $125K/yr




9 connections work here

Promoted

 ·

Posted 2 weeks ago2 weeks ago


Corporate Banking Analyst- Multinational Banking (Verified job)Corporate Banking Analyst- Multinational Banking

Fifth Third Bank

Detroit, MI


1 connection works here

Promoted

 ·

Posted 6 days ago6 days ago


Associate, Corporate Banking (Verified job)Associate, Corporate Banking

BMO Capital Markets

Chicago, IL

Medical benefit


37 school alumni work here

Promoted

 ·

Posted 1 week ago1 week ago


Associate - Corporate Banking Coverage (CBC), Industrials, Infrastructure & Energy (Verified job)Associate - Corporate Banking Coverage (CBC), Industrials, Infrastructure & Energy

Deutsche Bank

New York, NY (Hybrid)



3 connections work here

Promoted

 ·

Posted 2 weeks ago2 weeks ago


2027 – Full Time Analyst - Global Banking, Corporate Coverage (Verified job)2027 – Full Time Analyst - Global Banking, Corporate Coverage

BNP Paribas

New York, NY


89 school alumni work here

Promoted

 ·

Posted 2 weeks ago2 weeks ago


Emerging Market Corporate Bond Research Analyst (Verified job)Emerging Market Corporate Bond Research Analyst

Lazard Asset Management

New York, United States (Hybrid)


12 school alumni work here

Promoted

 ·

Posted 1 week ago1 week ago

See more jobs like this
Looking for talent?

Post a job
About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language


English (English)
[NAME REDACTED]Status is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.
27

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.
Page inboxes
3
3 new notifications
Click to see affiliated inboxes
[NAME REDACTED]Status is online
[NAME REDACTED]
